toni and dino flowers medical review of
PSS latest excuse and launched four
quarter of 2012 here at sub scott com
you're going to see it first live from
the Olympia sale I've stopped rolling up
here we got the BSF as you can see go
ahead and wrapping up day one oh we got
a CrossFit John's up about going on in
here
the all our staff is getting ready
wrapping things up for tomorrow
this year's been a great exciting year
for us I know you guys have been awesome
you are supporting BSN subcom which we
appreciate what I go ahead and get into
some of the excuse that we haven't
launched this year and the first one
let's start with people testing you book
test actually launched about saving for
five months ago on a large scale on a
national scale global scale as well but
if you want Texas actually come on right
now the market only ever invested
testosterone boost anyways like the song
for this type of testosterone boosters
of them to accompany me it's when I
could give you the key aspartic acid
that you need actually if you look at it
first school in the market has the most
amount of active ingredients per scoop
Reggie cringing around three grams which
knows no one act out there d-aspartic
acid is doing something that actually is
going to boost your luteinizing hormones
gear testosterone flowing freely and
giving you the strength the hardest so
much Gary they looking for it but never
you're going you're boosting your to
Sasha models the most important thing
that you want to do is make sure you're
minimizing any type s channels they can
be a byproduct of having high
testosterone that's when we came out
with the rubber bands Rome of X is
actually a are any estrogen blocker and
the arch about two three weeks ago and
right now is getting awesome reviews one
of the main ingredients is calcium vgl
which basically inhibits any type of
enzyme that's going to cause a release
of any extra mania in your body due to
high levels classroom also sometimes
weeks and bad foods not get enough rest
and stress all that releases question so
this is going to minimize all that so
you can imagine if you have a real real
car for test booster and the Indian like
Rome of X didn't get maximum results
also one thing that we did just recently
launched about a week ago syntha-6
isolate
it's our isolate pure isolate matrix
pure a whey isolate with twenty percent
of milk protein 1 i'm going to ensure
that it's going to hate your body right
away then also it's going to help carry
on just a little bit longer than your
average whey protein you got a lot of
proteins out here that you know hit
right away but as soon as when your body
I'll soak it up and it's done this is
going to last you it from an hour two
and a half hours the ideal for post
workout and some people you want to get
a real deer meal replacement this is
perfect for that so in combination with
Tesla realm of X if you're looking to
maintain shred up increase muscularity
and also recover a lot faster these will
get stuck on going this is the first
thing is what you can first thing you
want to graph if you're here the Olympia
we're also going to be extending
specials with sucks com drop the rest of
the year with these great products so
you want to go ahead and get a great
deal and enjoy your favorite vsm
products com